Salesforce - IAM integration (#10024)
demisto/content: Packs/Salesforce/Integrations/Salesforce_IAM/Salesforce_IAM_description.md

> The Username, Password, Client ID, Client secret, Secret token which is used while creating the Prisma cloud account will be used as credentials here. For any questions, reach out to the #demisto-developers channel on the DFIR Community on Slack (https://dfircommunity.slack.com)

Reviewer: Update this file

## Prerequisites
To set up Salesforce to work with Demisto:
Add a new connected App in salesforce by following the instruction [here](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_rest.meta/api_rest/intro_defining_remote_access_applications.htm)
If you already have a connected App, go to “Setup” -> “App Manager” -> choose the correct App from the list and press “View”.
The Consumer Key / Secret is under “API (Enable OAuth Settings)”

> For detailed instructions see the Credentials walkthrough section at [demisto support](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001848133-Integration-Salesforce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions see the Credentials walkthrough section at [xsoar.pan.dev](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/salesforce).
```

## Enable/Disable CRUD Commands
You can select which CRUD commands are enabled in the integration instance configuration settings. By default, all commands are enabled.

## Required Fields in Create User Command
When creating a user in Salesforce there are mandatory fields that need to be set. Some of them are set with default values in the integration parameters:
**Default Local Sid Key**, **Default Email Encoding Key** and **Default Language Locale Key**.
**ProfileId** and **Timezone Sid Key** are also required, but are filled using the Salesforce mapper in the following manner:

> Duplicate the **DemoGenerateProfileId** and the **DemoGenerateTimeZone** automations, edit them according to your needs, and use them as transformers in the **User Profile - Salesforce (Outgoing)** mapper under the **ProfileId** and **TimeZoneSidKey** fields respectively.

Reviewer: Same here

This configuration ensures that the user being created is created with the right permissions and settings in Salesforce.

## Add Custom Indicator Fields
Follow these steps to add custom fields to the User Profile indicator.

1. In XSOAR, create the custom indicator and incident field, for example, **Middle Name**.
2. Duplicate the **User Profile - Salesforce (Incoming)** mapper and/or the **User Profile - Salesforce (Outging)** mapper.
3. Add and map the custom field to the necessary mapper(s).
4. Go to the Salesforce IAM integration instance and in the mapper textbox, replace the name of the default mapper with the custom mapper you created.

> 

Reviewer: add a link here and in README to https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/identity-lifecycle-management
